----
title: Techs Ever-Changing Landscape - My Journey
author: slav
type: post
date: 2024-03-28
url: /2024/birthday
description: I'm also celebrating over 20+ incredible years of diving, head-first, into the ever-changing world of tech. It's been an absolute rollercoaster, and I wouldn't have it any other way!
categories:
 - Blog
---
🎈🎉 Big day today! 🎉🎈Not only am I a year wiser, but I'm also celebrating over 20+ incredible years of diving, head-first, into the ever-changing world of tech. It's been an absolute rollercoaster, and I wouldn't have it any other way!

My journey kicked off when 'barebone servers' were the cool kids on the block. Picture this: me, up to my elbows in hardware, setting up computers & servers from scratch. It was hands-on, gritty, and oh-so rewarding. 🛠️💻

Fast forward a bit, and the tech scene shifted. Enter the age of cloud computing. Suddenly, I'm not just tinkering with physical servers; I'm navigating the vast skies of the cloud. It was like stepping into a sci-fi movie—except it was real, and it was exhilarating! ☁️✨

But why stop there? This adventure took me across three continents, from coding in cozy corners to brainstorming in bustling boardrooms. I've had the joy of contributing to hundreds of projects, each with its own set of challenges and triumphs. 🌍✈️

Through it all, I've worn many hats: the programmer who speaks in code, the sysadmin who keeps the digital world spinning, and finally, the solutions architect, sketching the blueprint of tech's future. 🎩🔧

And let's not forget the articles! Sharing my thoughts, lessons, and the occasional tech rant with the world has been both a privilege and a thrill. 📝🗣️

So here I am, two decades later, still as passionate and curious about technology as day one. From the grounding of "metal" to the boundless possibilities of cloud computing, it's been one heck of a ride.

Here's to the journey, the evolution, and the countless adventures in tech that still lie ahead. Cheers to more learning, creating, and exploring in this incredible field we call home! 🥂🚀
